<think>
Okay, I need to implement the run_press function according to the given contract. Let me start by understanding the requirements.

First, the function takes a list of jobs, each being a [name, pages] pair, and a budget. The goal is to process the jobs in order, subtracting their pages from the budget until a job can't fit. The result should be a dictionary with keys 'printed', 'waiting', and 'pages', each containing the respective information.

But before processing, I need to validate all the inputs. The jobs must be a non-empty list. Each job must be a two-element list. The name must be a non-empty string, and the pages must be a positive integer. The budget must be a non-negative integer. If any of these checks fail, a ValueError is raised with a short message.

So, the first step is to validate the jobs. Let's think about how to do that. For each job in the jobs list, check that it's a list with exactly two elements. Then check that the name is a non-empty string (so len(name) > 0) and that the pages are a positive integer (so pages >= 1). Also, the budget must be >= 0.

Once the validation is done, process the jobs in order. Start with the budget. For each job in the list, check if the job's pages are less than or equal to the remaining budget. If yes, add the job's name to the 'printed' list and subtract the pages from the budget. If not, add the job's name to the 'waiting' list and stop processing. The 'waiting' list includes all jobs that couldn't be processed, even if some later ones could fit, but since the press doesn't jump the queue, once a job can't fit, all subsequent jobs are added to waiting.

Wait, the problem says that the first job that doesn't fit stops the serving. So, once a job can't fit, all the remaining jobs are added to the waiting list. So, the processing stops at the first job that can't fit, and all subsequent jobs are in the waiting list.

So, the steps are:

1. Validate all jobs and the budget.
2. Iterate through each job in order.
3. For each job, check if it can fit in the remaining budget.
4. If yes, add to printed, subtract pages from budget.
5. If no, add to waiting, and break the loop.
6. The 'pages' key in the result is the total pages spent, which is the sum of the pages of the printed jobs.

Now, let's think about the data structures. The printed list is the order of jobs that were processed. The waiting list is the order of jobs that couldn't be processed. The 'pages' value is the sum of the pages of the printed jobs.

So, the function needs to return a dictionary with these keys.

Now, let's code this step by step.

First, the validation. For the jobs list, check that it's not empty. Then, for each job in jobs, check that it's a list of two elements. Then check that the name is a non-empty string, and the pages is a positive integer. Also, check that budget is a non-negative integer.

If any of these checks fail, raise ValueError with a message.

Then, process the jobs. Initialize a variable 'current_budget' as the budget. Initialize printed as an empty list, waiting as an empty list.

Loop through each job in jobs:

for job in jobs:

   name, pages = job[0], job[1]

   if pages > current_budget:

       add name to waiting

       break

   else:

       add name