<think>
Okay, let's see. The user wants me to fix the pad_code function. The current implementation uses code.ljust(width, "0"), which pads on the right with zeros. But the problem says that the function should pad on the left instead. Wait, the original task says that the function pads on the left, but the current code is using ljust which pads on the right. So the fix is to change the padding direction.

Wait, the problem says that the current code is wrong. The task says that the function should pad on the left, but the current code is padding on the right. So the correct approach is to use rjust instead of ljust. Because rjust pads on the left. Let me check: the ljust method pads on the right, while rjust pads on the left. So the current code is using ljust, which is incorrect. The correct function should use rjust with "0" as the padding character.

But wait, the problem says that the function should pad on the left. So the fix is to replace ljust with rjust. Let me verify. The original code is supposed to pad on the left, but the current code is using ljust, which pads on the right. So the correct fix is to change it to rjust.

So the corrected function would be: return code.rjust(width, "0"). But wait, what if the code is already longer than the width? The problem states that if the code is already at or beyond the width, it should return unchanged. The rjust method does that automatically. For example, if the code's length is equal to or greater than the width, it returns the original string. So that's correct.

So the fix is to change ljust to rjust. Let me check the parameters. The function signature is the same, so the code should be:

def pad_code(code: str, width: int) -> str:
    """A code padded with zeros to a fixed width."""
    return code.rjust(width, "0")

Yes, that's the correct change. The original code was using ljust, which pads on the right, but the problem says that the padding should be on the left. So the fix is to use rjust instead.
</think>

```python
def pad_code(code: str, width: int) -> str:
    """A code padded with zeros to a fixed width."""
    return code.rjust(width, "0")
```