<think>
Okay, I need to implement the column_digest function. Let's see the requirements. The function takes a list of rows, each row is a list of numbers, and a column index. The goal is to summarize the column at the given index. The output is a dictionary with count, min, max, mean, and median.

First, I need to collect all the cells in the specified column. But the rows are ragged, so some rows might be shorter than others. The column index is zero-based. So for each row, if the row's length is greater than the column index, we take that cell. Otherwise, we skip it.

So the steps are:

1. Iterate through each row in the rows list.
2. For each row, check if the column index is within the row's length. If yes, add the value at that column to a list.
3. After collecting all the values, compute the count, min, max, mean, and median.

Wait, but the problem says to read the cells from the rows that are long enough to reach the column. So for each row, if the row's length is greater than the column index, then we take that cell. So for example, if the column is 2, then for a row with length 3, we take index 2. If a row has length 2, we don't take it.

So first, collect all the values in the column. Let's start by initializing an empty list called values.

Then, for each row in rows:
   if len(row) > column:
       values.append(row[column])

Once we have all the values, compute the statistics.

Now, for the count, it's the length of values. If count is zero, then all the fields (min, max, mean, median) are 0.

For min and max, just take the min and max of the values list.

Mean is the sum of values divided by count. But need to round to two decimals, with halfway rounding up. So, for example, 2.5 would round to 2.5, but 2.55 would round to 2.55? Wait, the problem says "a value sitting exactly halfway rounding upward, toward the larger value." So when the decimal is exactly halfway, like 2.5, it should round up to 2.5? Wait, but the problem says "cut to two decimals", so maybe it's using the standard rounding method where 0.5 rounds up. So for example, 1.235 would round to 1.24, but 1.234 would round to 1.23. So using the Python round function with two decimal places, but since the problem says to round up when exactly halfway, perhaps using the round function is sufficient.

Wait, the problem says "a value sitting exactly halfway rounding upward, toward the larger value." So for example, if the value is 1.235, when rounded to two decimals, it would be 1.24. But the standard Python round function would round 1.235 to 1.24, which is correct. So using the round function with two decimals should work.

For the median, we need to sort the values and find the middle value. If the count is even, take the average of the two middle numbers.

So, for the median:

sorted_values = sorted(values)
n = len(sorted_values)
if n == 0:
    median = 0
else:
    if n % 2 == 1:
        median = sorted_values[n//2]
    else:
        median = (sorted_values[n//2 - 1