<think>
Okay, let's see. The user wants me to fix the drop_keys function. The current code is supposed to return a store without the keys listed in the keys list. But according to the problem statement, the current implementation is incorrect. The comment says that the function should keep only those keys instead. Wait, the original code is named drop_keys, but the description says it should keep the keys instead of dropping them. That's a contradiction.

Looking at the current code: the function iterates over each key-value pair in the store. If the key is in the keys list, it adds it to the kept dictionary. So the code is actually keeping the keys in the keys list, not dropping them. But the function name is drop_keys, which suggests that it's supposed to remove those keys. That's a mismatch.

So the problem is that the function's name and its actual behavior are opposite. The function is keeping the keys, but the name implies dropping them. Therefore, the correct fix is to rename the function to something that matches its behavior. However, the user's instruction says that the function should be fixed to return the store without the keys named in the list. Wait, the original code is keeping the keys, but the problem says that the function is supposed to drop them. So maybe the function is supposed to remove the keys, but the current code is keeping them. So the correct approach is to reverse the logic.

Wait, the original code's comment says: "The store without the keys a list names." So the function is supposed to remove those keys. But the current code is keeping them. So the function is doing the opposite of what it's supposed to. Therefore, the fix is to change the logic so that it removes the keys instead of keeping them.

Wait, the current code is:

kept = {}
for key, value in store.items():
    if key in keys:
        kept[key] = value
return kept

This code is adding the keys that are in the keys list to the new dictionary. So the result is a dictionary containing only those keys. But the function is named drop_keys, which suggests that it should remove those keys. So the function is actually keeping the keys, but the name is wrong. Therefore, the correct fix is to rename the function to something like keep_keys, but the user's instruction says that the function must be fixed to return the store without the keys. So perhaps the function is supposed to remove the keys, but the current code is keeping them. Therefore, the correct logic is to exclude the keys in the keys list.

Wait, the problem says that the function is supposed to return a store without the keys. So the correct behavior is to remove those keys. So the current code is incorrect because it's keeping them. Therefore, the fix is to iterate over the keys in the store and check if they are not in the keys list, then add them to the new dictionary.

So the original code is keeping the keys, but the function should be dropping them. Therefore, the correct code would be:

def drop_keys(store: dict, keys: list) -> dict:
    """The store without the keys a list names."""
    kept = {}
    for key, value in store.items():
        if key not in keys:
            kept[key] = value
    return kept

But wait, the original code's comment says that the function is supposed to return the store without the keys. So the correct logic is to exclude the keys in the keys list. Therefore, the current code is incorrect because it's including them. So the fix is to change the condition from 'if key in keys' to 'if key not in keys'.

But the user's task says that the function is named drop_keys, but