<think>
Okay, let's see. The user wants me to fix the hug_text function. The current code is:

def hug_text(text: str, mark: str) -> str:
    if text.startswith(mark):
        return text
    return mark + text + mark

But according to the problem statement, the function should put a mark on both ends of a text. If the text already has marks on both ends, it should stay as is. If it has only one end, then it's not enough. Also, if the text has nothing, it should get marks on both ends.

Wait, the current code checks if the text starts with the mark. If it does, it returns the text. But that's only checking the start. What about the end? For example, if the text is "abc" and the mark is "a", then text.startswith(mark) is True, but the end is not marked. So the current code would return "abc", but according to the problem, if the text has marks on both ends, it should stay. But in this case, the text starts with the mark but doesn't end with it. So the current code is incorrect.

The problem says that a text already carrying the mark at both ends is left alone. So the function should check if both the start and end of the text have the mark. If both are present, return the text. Otherwise, add the marks.

So the current code only checks the start. So the fix is to check both the start and end. If either is missing, then add the marks.

So the correct approach is:

Check if the text starts with the mark and ends with the mark. If both are true, return the text. Otherwise, add the mark to both ends.

But wait, the problem says that if the text already has marks on both ends, it's left alone. So the function should check if the text already has the marks on both ends. If not, add them.

So the original code is only checking the start. So the fix is to check both the start and end.

So the correct logic is:

If the text starts with the mark and ends with the mark, return it as is.

Else, add the mark to both ends.

But how to check if the text ends with the mark?

So the function should check:

if text.startswith(mark) and text.endswith(mark):

    return text

else:

    return mark + text + mark

Wait, but what if the text is empty? For example, if text is empty, then it has nothing. So according to the problem, it should get marks on both ends. So the current code would return mark + text + mark, which is mark + "" + mark = mark*2. Which is correct.

But in the current code, if the text is empty, then text.startswith(mark) is False (since empty string doesn't start with mark), so the code would return mark + text + mark. Which is correct.

But what if the text is "a" and the mark is "a"? Then text starts with "a" and ends with "a", so the code would return "a", which is correct.

But if the text is "a", and the mark is "a", then the code would return "a", which is correct because both ends are marked.

But if the text is "a", and the mark is "b", then the code would return "b" + "a" + "b" = "bab".

But what if the text is "ab" and the mark is "a"? Then the text starts with "a", but ends with "b". So the code would return "a" + "ab" + "a" = "aab