<think>
Okay, let's see. The user wants me to fix the merge_rows function. The problem is that the current implementation doesn't correctly merge the rows with the over row taking precedence. Let me look at the existing code.

The current merge_rows function starts by creating a merged dictionary as a copy of 'over'. Then it iterates over the keys from 'under' and sets them in merged. But wait, that's not right. Because if a key exists in both under and over, the merged dictionary would take the value from 'over' first, then overwrite it with the under's value. But according to the problem statement, the over row's values should win where both have a name. Wait, no, the description says that merge_rows lays one row over another so the second row's values win where both hold a name, and it lets the first row win instead. Wait, the function is called merge_rows with under and over. The description says that the second row (over) wins where both have a name. So, the correct approach is that for each key in under, we should check if it's also in over. If it is, then the over's value should take precedence. But the current code is just copying over and then setting under's keys. That would overwrite the over's values with under's values. That's the problem.

Wait, the current code is:

merged = dict(over)
for key in row_keys(under):
    merged[key] = under[key]

So, for each key in under, it's setting the value from under. But if the key is already in over, then the merged dictionary would have the over's value first, then the under's value would overwrite it. But according to the problem statement, the over's values should win. So, the correct approach is that when merging, the over's values should take precedence. So, the code is wrong because it's overwriting the over's values with under's values. Instead, the correct approach is to first copy the over, then for each key in under, if the key is not in over, then set it. Wait, no. Wait, the problem says that the second row (over) wins where both have a name. So, when merging, for each key in under, if the key is also present in over, then the over's value is kept. But the current code is overwriting the over's value with under's. So the problem is that the code is not correctly handling the case where a key is present in both under and over. The correct approach is to first copy the over, then for each key in under, if the key is not in over, then set it. But that's not the case. Wait, the merge_rows function is supposed to merge under over, so that the over's values take precedence. So, the correct way is to take the over's keys and values, and then for each key in under, if it's not in over, then add it. But that's not right. Wait, the problem says that the second row (over) is laid over the first (under), so the over's values win where both have a name. So, for each key in under, if the key is also in over, then the over's value is kept. But if the key is only in under, then it's added. So the correct way is to first take the over's keys, and then for each key in under, if it's not in over, add it. But the current code is taking the over's keys and then overwriting them with under's keys. That's wrong. So the correct approach is to take the over's keys, and then for each key in under