<think>
Okay, let's see. The user wants me to fix the trip_cost function. The problem is that the current implementation applies the minimum charge to each hop individually, but the description says that the minimum should be applied to the entire trip, not each hop. Wait, no, wait. Let me read the problem again.

The task says that trip_cost should add the hops up and apply a minimum charge to the trip, but instead, the current code applies the minimum to each hop. Wait, the original code for trip_cost is:

def trip_cost(hops: list, rate: int, minimum: int) -> int:
    total = 0
    for hop in hops:
        total += max(step_cost(hop, rate), minimum)
    return total

So, for each hop, it's taking the step cost, then max with the minimum. So if a hop's cost is below the minimum, it's set to the minimum. But the problem says that the minimum should be applied to the trip as a whole, not per hop. Wait, the user's instruction says: "it applies that minimum to every hop instead of to the trip as a whole." So the current code is wrong. The problem is that the current code applies the minimum per hop, but the correct behavior is to apply the minimum to the entire trip. Wait, no, the problem says that the current code is incorrect. The user says that the trip_cost should apply the minimum to the trip, not per hop. Wait, the original problem says that the current code is wrong. Let me recheck the problem statement.

The user says: "Fix trip_cost. A trip with no hops still costs the minimum." So the original code for trip_cost is adding each hop's cost, but with the minimum applied per hop. But the correct behavior is that the minimum is applied to the entire trip. Wait, the problem says that the trip_cost should apply the minimum to the trip, not per hop. So the current code is wrong. Let me think.

The original code for trip_cost is:

total = 0
for hop in hops:
    total += max(step_cost(hop, rate), minimum)

So, for each hop, if the step cost is less than the minimum, it's set to the minimum. But the problem says that the minimum should be applied to the entire trip. So, the correct approach is to calculate the total of all hops, then if the total is below the minimum, set the total to the minimum. But wait, the problem says that the minimum is applied to the trip as a whole. So, the current code is applying the minimum per hop, but the correct way is to apply the minimum to the total.

Wait, the problem says: "it applies that minimum to every hop instead of to the trip as a whole." So the current code is wrong. The correct behavior is that the minimum is applied to the entire trip. So, the trip's total cost is the sum of all hop costs, but if that total is below the minimum, then the total is set to the minimum. But how does that work? For example, if the sum of all hop costs is $10, and the minimum is $20, then the total is $20. But if the sum is $30, then it's $30. But if the sum is $15, then it's $20.

But the original code is applying the minimum per hop. So, for each hop, if the step cost is below the minimum, it's set to the minimum. So, for example, if the minimum is $20, and each hop's step cost is $10, then each hop is set to