<think>
Okay, I need to implement the cell_count function. Let's see the problem statement again. The function takes a grid (list of rows) and a value, and returns the number of cells in the grid that hold that value. Oh right, the note says that if the grid has no rows or rows that are empty, then it's zero.

So, the input is a list of rows. Each row is probably a list of elements, right? So for each row in the grid, I need to check each cell in that row. If the cell's value equals the given value, count it.

Wait, the function is called cell_count, and the parameters are grid and value. The return is an integer count.

So the approach is: iterate through each row in the grid. For each row, iterate through each cell in the row. Check if the cell's value is equal to the given value. If yes, increment the count.

But wait, what if the rows are not all the same length? Like, some rows might have more elements than others? The problem says that the grid is written as a list of rows. So each row is a list of cells. So, for each row in the grid, we need to check all elements in that row.

So the steps are:

Initialize a counter to 0.

Loop over each row in the grid:

   For each row, loop over each cell in the row:

       if cell == value, increment counter.

Return the counter.

But wait, what if the grid is empty? Like, if grid is an empty list, then return 0. Similarly, if any row is empty (like an empty list), then that row contributes 0 to the count.

So the code would be straightforward.

Now, considering the function signature: def cell_count(grid: list, value: int) -> int.

So, in Python, the code would be:

def cell_count(grid, value):
    count = 0
    for row in grid:
        for cell in row:
            if cell == value:
                count +=1
    return count

But wait, the parameters are grid and value. The grid is a list of rows, each row is a list of cells. So, for example, if grid is [[1,2,3], [4,5]], then the count for value 3 would be 1.

But what if the grid is empty? Like grid is empty list, then return 0. That's handled.

What about if a row is empty? Like grid is [[], [1,2]], then the first row contributes 0, the second contributes 2 if value is 1 or 2.

Yes.

So the code seems correct.

But wait, the problem says that a grid with no rows (empty list) or rows that hold nothing (empty lists) both hold none of anything. So, in the case of empty rows, they contribute zero. So the code is correct.

Now, check for possible edge cases. For example, empty grid: returns 0. Single element grid: if the cell is equal to value, returns 1. If not, 0. What about if the value is None? But the function's value parameter is int. So the value is an integer. So the code is okay.

Wait, the problem says that the value is an integer. So the function is designed to count cells that have the exact integer value. So the code is correct.

So the code is as written. Now, the function needs to be in solution.py. So the file should have the function definition.

So the final code is:

def cell_count(grid: list, value: int) -> int:
    count = 0
   