<think>
Okay, I need to implement two functions: in_quote and quote_split. Let's start with in_quote. The function should return True if a character is a quotation mark. So, the function takes a single character as input and checks if it's either a double quote or a single quote. Wait, the problem says "quotation mark", which could be either, but maybe the problem is referring to double quotes? Wait, the problem says "quote_split breaks a line on commas, except for a comma inside quotation marks". So, the quotation marks could be either single or double? Or maybe the problem is using double quotes. Hmm, but the function in_quote is supposed to check if a character is a quotation mark. So, maybe it's checking for either single or double quotes. But the problem says "quotation mark" which is a bit ambiguous. However, in the context of splitting on commas inside quotes, it's likely that the quotes are either single or double. But the function in_quote is supposed to check if the character is a quotation mark, so maybe it's checking for either. So, the function would return True if the character is either a single quote or a double quote. Wait, but maybe the problem is using double quotes. Let me check the example. For example, if the line is "a, b, c", then the commas inside quotes should not be split. But if the line is "a, b, c", then the quotes are double. But the function in_quote is supposed to check if a character is a quotation mark. So, perhaps the function is checking for either single or double quotes. So, the function would return True if the character is either "'" or '"'.

So, the in_quote function would check if the input character is either a single or double quote. So, the code would be:

def in_quote(ch: str) -> bool:
    return ch in ('"', "'")

Wait, but the problem says "quotation mark" which is a single character. But maybe the problem is referring to double quotes. However, the problem says "quote_split breaks a line on commas, except for a comma standing inside quotation marks". So, the quotes could be either. So, the in_quote function should check if the character is a quote, either single or double. So, the function is correct as above.

Now, the quote_split function. The task is to split a line on commas, but commas inside quotes should not be split. The function should return the pieces with the quotation marks still in place. So, for example, if the line is "a, b, c", then the split would be ["a, b, c"], but if the line is "a, b, c", then the split would be ["a, b, c"]? Wait, no. Let me think. The line is split on commas that are not inside quotes. So, for example, if the line is "a, b, c", then the commas inside the quotes are not split. But if the line is "a, b, c", then the split would be ["a, b, c"]? Or maybe the line is "a, b, c", then the split would be ["a", " b, c"]? Wait, no. Let me think of an example. Suppose the line is "a, b, c", then the split would be ["a, b, c"] because the commas are inside quotes. But if the line is "a, b, c", then the split would be ["a", " b, c"]? Wait, no. Let me think again. The quote_split function is supposed to split the line on commas that are not inside quotes. So